# Improving community detection algorithms in directed graphs with fuzzy measures. An application to mobility networks
# ABSTRACT
Social network analysis holds great importance in unraveling and understanding intricate human connections and interactions. This paper focuses on a novel aggregation paradigm which combines social networks with fuzzy measures. We explore the potential of incorporating information from fuzzy measures, specifically through the utilization of the flow capacity measure, to improve and optimize various community detection algorithms. We present a detailed evaluation process to demonstrate the effectiveness of this methodology. To achieve this, we analyze a robust repository of databases, using several classical community detection techniques. A comprehensive comparison of classic results with the new methodology demonstrates the effectiveness of the presented aggregation paradigm, showcasing its profound impact on enhancing modularity. We reach a more conclusive understanding of the impact of this novel methodology through the application of machine learning techniques. We also illustrate the effectiveness of our methodology through a case study. In addition to demonstrating numerical improvements in results, we provide tangible evidence of real-world advancements. Specifically, we observe enhanced connectivity in train stations resulting from the consideration of the flow capacity measure.
Keywords: Community Detection Problems, Fuzzy Measures, Aggregation,
Flow Capacity Measure, Social Network Analysis, Machine Learning
